
# Course policies

Please see <https://www.uky.edu/universitysenate/acadpolicy> for a full
description of UK academic policies.

## Diversity and Inclusion

Members of the course are entitled to learn from each other in an open and
welcoming environment regardless of their racial, ethnic, gender, and sexual
identities. Conduct that is not respectful of these identities or of the
national origin, religion, and political beliefs students and instructors will
not be tolerated. Please report any concerning conduct to the instructor.

## Face Covering/Distancing Policy

-   Transmission of COVID-19 is still prevalent in Kentucky. The instructor and
    students are entitled to practices that reduce transmission including, and
    not limited to, wearing a high-quality mask and social distancing.

-   In accordance with University guidelines, these transmission reducing
    practices are optional but the instructor encourages them. If COVID-19 is a
    specific risk to a student or a student has any concerns about classroom
    COVID-19 policies, please contact the instructor as soon as possible.

-   More information about COVID-19 and UK can be found here:
    <https://coronavirus.uky.edu/>

## Excused Absences

Students need to notify the instructor of absences prior to class when possible.
Senate Rule Senate Rules 5.2.5.2.1 defines the following as acceptable reasons
for excused absences: (a) significant illness, (b) death of a family member, (c)
trips for members of student organizations sponsored by an educational unit,
trips for University classes, and trips for participation in intercollegiate
athletic events, (d) major religious holidays, (e) interviews for
graduate/professional school or full-time employment post-graduation, and (f)
other circumstances found to fit “reasonable cause for nonattendance” by the
professor.

Students anticipating an absence for a major religious holiday are responsible
for notifying the instructor in writing of anticipated absences due to their
observance of such holidays no later than the last day in the semester to add a
class. Students are expected to withdraw from the class if more than 20% of the classes
scheduled for the semester are missed (excused or unexcused) per university
policy.

## Verification of Absences

Students may be asked to verify their absences in order for them to be
considered excused. Senate Rule 5.2.5.2.1 states that faculty have the right to
request appropriate verification when students claim an excused absence due to:
significant illness; death in the household, trips for classes, trips sponsored
by an educational unit and trips for participation related to intercollegiate
athletic events; and interviews for full-time job opportunities after graduation
and interviews for graduate and professional school.

## Academic Integrity

Per university policy, students shall not plagiarize, cheat, or falsify or
misuse academic records. Students are expected to adhere to University policy on
cheating and plagiarism in all courses. The minimum penalty for a first offense
is a zero on the assignment on which the offense occurred. If the offense is
considered severe or the student has other academic offenses on their record,
more serious penalties, up to suspension from the university may be imposed.

Plagiarism and cheating are serious breaches of academic conduct. Each student
is advised to become familiar with the various forms of academic dishonesty as
explained in the Code of Student Rights and Responsibilities. Complete
information can be found at the following website: <https://www.uky.edu/ombud/>.
A plea of ignorance is not acceptable as a defense against the charge of
academic dishonesty. It is important that you review this information as all
ideas borrowed from others need to be properly credited.

Section 6.3 “Academic Offenses and Procedures” of the [Senate
Rules](http://www.uky.edu/universitysenate/rules-regulations) lays out UK’s
policy on academic integrity and says the following about plagarism and

## Accommodations due to disability

In accordance with federal law, if you have a documented disability that
requires academic accommodations, please inform me as soon as possible. In order
to receive accommodations in a course, you must provide me with a Letter of
Accommodation from the Disability Resource Center (DRC).

The DRC coordinates campus disability services available to students with
disabilities. It is located on the corner of Rose Street and Huguelet Drive in
the Multidisciplinary Science Building, Suite 407. You can reach them via phone
at (859) 257-2754, via email (<drc@uky.edu>) or visit their website
(<https://www.uky.edu/DisabilityResourceCenter/>). DRC accommodations are not
retroactive and should therefore be established with the DRC as early in the
semester as is feasible.
